So now we can come back to our main content instead of a surface, we can invoke the input filter we
just spent time putting together.
So here I can say input field such and voila, we have all of these arguments that we need to pass and
they need to be filled.
OK, so the first one is going to be state.
The state here is going to be what?
What?
The first one is going to be the value state, remember, we need to really know.
We need to at all times, we need to know exactly what is going on inside us users type something inside
of our text field.
So for that, because we're inside here, we need to create a state.
I say foul, call this total.
It's this total Bill State, OK?
And I'm going to say he's equal to remember mutable state of and it's going to be zero because it's
just going to be an integer, so we can then use that total state inside here.
It has to be a mutable state that is to do.
OK.
So what a pass here.
Total bill state.
Such a here's a problem.
It looks like.
So if you have over, looks like we have a problem, it says here.
Type mismatch requiring multiple state string and found immutable state isn't.
This was my bad because I assumed that we are passing.
We need a string here, right?
But everything or anything that is passed instead of a text field of any form is actually comes out.
It will always come out as a string.
That's the reason why this should be a string, which means it can just put empty strings like that,
right?
And if you remember correctly, it's out of our input field.
That's what we said if our state is a mutable state of type strings.
Makes sense.
All right.
Now we need to go to a label ID.
What is that?
We want you to say we just want to say something, says enter Bill.
So essentially everybody is going to be added here like that are enabled.
We're just going to say true right, to make sure that this is enabled.
Now, we may say, I don't remember what that is.
Let's go back to our components so enabled here.
If you go back to our outline text field.
If you have already enabled is going to tell us exactly what that means.
What is it that we enabling?
Well, we enabling the well here.
If it's true, that means well enabled.
We are controlling.
Enabled says he controls the enable state of the outlined text field.
So when false detects field would be neither editable nor focus of all, the input of the text field
will not be selectable.
OK, so that's what we're doing.
We want it to be all those things.
That's why we're going to pass through, as we see here, a single line.
We want this to be also true.
Just want this to always be a single line.
All right.
And next, we're going to pass another index on action here.
We're going to pass a few things.
So first of all and say keyboard actions because we need to retain or give access to the keyboard actions
because the idea is that when the input field is clicked, the keyboard will pop up and we need to know
let and we need to set up the structure of our keyboard and sense what we want to happen.
So we say keyboard actions, and let's use a lambada in this case.
OK, and passing the keyboard action scope inside here.
Now these actions here will depend on a lot of things.
First of all, we want to make sure that whatever is entered here is valid or there is something at
all.
How do we do that?
Well, again, we're talking about state because to check if something is there, we need to to check
if something is there.
This something is a state which we've said here, that's what's controlling or abele and so forth.
So what do we need to do?
We need to create another state variable here that will allow us to check whether this state, whatever
is inside here or not, is valid or not.
So the state in in the sense of our text field.
So in this case, we want to look inside and see, OK, if there's 100.
Is this so in this case, we want to check to see if there is something inside here?
If that's the case, then that will dictate what is it that we are going to do?
You know, keyboard actions.
So that means that I need to create another state here variable and say foul.
Just call it a valid state, OK?
And I'm going to say, remember again, a lot of remembering.
So the other thing we can do with our remember here is that we can pass the values that we want to operate
on, right as parameters.
So what is it that we want to operate on?
Well, it's going to be our total bill state that value because that is what we want to look into to
see if there's something in there because remember, it is total bill state he's actually connected
to the value of state, which indeed is what will be added inside of our bill here.
Our text field.
So now here.
So what are we going to do?
We're going to check.
So I'm going to say, first of all, I'm just going to pass a total bill, state that value.
Let's go ahead and invoke the two string actually can just go straight to trimming trim and then check
is not empty.
Oh, a lot of things happen here.
So what are we doing here?
Are you saying we are creating a valid state of what of this text field?
And how do we do that?
Well, we can use remember, because we want to make this state right and we pass the value that we
want to check in this case is going to be this total bill state value, which is indeed whatever they
are adding here.
So if it's one or two or a hello world.
All right.
So what are we doing here with checking if total bills state that value whatever is?
Enter here?
If it's 100, we're going to trim anything around 100.
This is a tax.
So we're going to just get rid of all the excessive spaces and so forth and check if it's not empty.
So this returns.
What?
Yes, appalling in a Boolean, which means true or false.
So if it's not empty, that means this valid state is going to be.
False.
Because it's not so it's not empty.
This is going to be true.
Its state is going to have true.
So that means then something is right.
So if it's not empty, that means all is good because this will return true and will be passed inside,
will be passed to our failed state.
OK.
And that will mean that it's valid, which means we can continue whatever we need to do, so make sense.
So now here let me go ahead and just say quote for now.
So now we can do what?
Well, we can check.
So what it can do now and say if is not a valid state.
OK, if it's false, so it's not valid.
What I'm going to do, I'm just going to say return, but I'm going to return and keyboard action,
what that means is that just return, whatever this keyboard is going to allow us to do, so just return
that.
And then here I'm going to do will get there.
Once all of that is done, we need a way of dismissing the keyboard because at this point that means
we've enter something all is good and we'll still have to do something there to get that information
in this case, whatever they've entered and do something with it.
But we'll get there.
So what we need to do, we're assuming at this point the old showing.
So we want to hide it automatically.
So to do so will have to do something else.
First of all, a top here, we're going to create yet another vowel call called keyboard.
Controller.
Should enter.
And this is going to be a local software keyboard, control it like this.
And say that get current.
I say it's equal.
Like this and the women who do that, you will see that we have a little problem says this API is experimental
and is likely to change in the future.
Now this is the reality about compose at this point.
At the time of the recording of this video, this lecture is that there is a lot that is being done.
There are a lot of APIs that we can use them, such as this one, but is experimental, which means
they're still working on it and it can change in the future.
So please be aware of this, and I know that as you go through this at some point in future, things
may not work or this API may be gone.
And it's frustrating, but it's part of being a developer and there's really not much we can do, but
just keep an open mind and whenever things change, we can readjust.
Right?
So keep this in mind as we go through this course.
All right.
So how to fix this for now?
Because we it's usable.
We can use it.
It's just that it's warning us that this is experimental and we need to make sure that we understand
this.
So to fix this, I can add, I'm going to add this annotation here like this, you can see that it was
added experimental compose UI to be able to use this local software keyboard control current.
OK.
So this is what will allow us to do something like this to say keyboard controller that hide.
OK, now this is probably Nullarbor, so I'm just going to say option alt option like this, I'm going
to surround either Sharron with no check or add nano asserted or add the safe like this the exclamation
point.
OK, there we go.
OK, let's open the split view here.
Let's go ahead and refresh and see if we can see something inside of our main content.
And voila, we can see we now have this very nice text field there and says, Enter Bill and voila!
Let's go ahead and run this on our emulator, deploy that.
If you click on this deployed preview, she's going to go ahead and deploy this.
Preview here.
So can look at my advice.
This is old.
All right, it looks like we have something that's failed.
See here this expression will be this just go ahead and rebuild first.
I think that's going to solve all the problems.
OK, let's go ahead and do it again.
Deploy to device device.
All right, so let's go and test this out, I'm going to call this main content instead of top header.
I'm just going to remove that and call this main content such right, because again, we have that experimental
composer UI thing we have to add.
So whatever you call something that already has the UI, the experimental UI, you need to act that
in fact, let me add that at the top here.
I think that would be better.
All right.
Let's see if this works.
Now I'm going to run on to the device or emulator depends what you're using.
All right.
After a few moments, you can see there we have it.
It's working on device.
I can tap in, there we go.
I can add a number and hit that and goes away.
So it's working right.
I can go back and tap there.
So it validates everything.
If I try to tap like there's nothing happens because we are not.
We don't have any value there.
So let's go again.
And there we go.
So it is working, and that's that's always good news.
So we're making a little good progress in the next video.
We're going to refactor this even further.
So we were able to get this information that we're adding here because that's very important.
And it's a state that we need to get and do something with that value.
OK, we'll do that next.